This is list of additional resources (the newest first) related to Chromosome Territory research basing on which we define parameters of model for Brachypodium or where ChroTe suite has been used for experiments:

2. Ewa Robaszkiewicz, Dominika Idziak-Helmcke, Magdalena A. Tkacz, Kornel Chrominski, and Robert Hasterok (**2016**) The arrangement of Brachypodium distachyon chromosomes in interphase nuclei. J. Exp. Bot. first published online September 1, 2016 doi:10.1093/jxb/erw325 ([Full text link](http://jxb.oxfordjournals.org/content/early/2016/09/01/jxb.erw325.full "Full text"))
3. ROBASZKIEWICZ E, IDZIAK-HELMCKE D, TKACZ M, CHROMINSKI K, HASTEROK R. **(2016)** The arrangement of interphase chromosome in the nuclei of Brachypodium species. Plant Model Species: Fundamentals and Applications. Vienna, Austria, 4 - 5 February 2016.
4. HASTEROK R, BETEKHTIN A, BOROWSKA-ZUCHOWSKA N, BRASZEWSKA-ZALEWSKA A, IDZIAK-HELMCKE D, ROBASZKIEWICZ E, WOLNY E **(2015)** Molecular cytogenetics in the genus Brachypodium. In: Plant Genetics and Genomics: Crops and Models. JP Vogel (ed.), Springer, pp: 1-16 
3.  IDZIAK D, HASTEROK R, BETEKHTIN A, BOROWSKA-ZUCOWSKA N,	BRASZEWSKA-ZALEWSKA A,	CHWIALKOWSKA K,	GORKIEWICZ R, KUS A, KWASNIEWSKA J,	KWASNIEWSKI M, ROBASZKIEWICZ E,	SIWINSKA D,	WOLNY E, CHROMIŃSKI K, TKACZ M **(2015)** Brachypodium distachyon – a model plant to study grass genome structure, dynamics and evolution. 	BioTechnologia. Journal of Biotechnology Computational Biology and Bionanotechnology, 2015 t. 96 No1 p 43.
4. IDZIAK D, ROBASZKIEWICZ E, TKACZ M, CHROMIŃSKI K, HASTEROK R **(2015)** Chromosome territory arrangement in Brachypodium: FISH and  computational modelling analysis.  [International Brachypodium Conference](https://brachy2015.umass.edu/sites/brachy2015.umass.edu/files/Brachy2015FinalProgram.pdf "linkToPDF"), 16-19 June 2015, Amherst, Massachusetts
5. CATALAN P, CHALHOUB B, CHOCHOIS V, GARVIN D, HASTEROK R, MANZANEDA A, MUR L, PECCHIONI N, RASMUSSEN S, VOGEL J, VOXEUR A **(2014)** Update on the genomics and basic biology of Brachypodium. Trends in Plant Science 19: 414-418 

